# checking
# Problem Context The problem revolves around this part of the problem statement: We are building a social network for parents where they can be connected to other parents 1. The social network for a parent revolves around two things: - School their kid go to ( this is mandatory: to sign up, you have to upload your child school Id card ) - Society/community they live in ( this one is optional. You can decide NOT to upload your address during sign up flow ) 2. If your kid go to `DPS school in Grade I section F`, and you live in `Brigade society`, you will be auto-joined to 5 “social circles”: - DPS school - Class I, DPS school - Section F, Class I, DPS school - Brigade society - Brigade society, DPS school 3. These 5 social circles are the standard ones that every parent would be joined to, once they confirm their kid goes to `Section F, Class I, DPS School`, and they live in `Brigade society`. - If the parent has not confirmed where they live, we would have created the first 3 social circles - These social circles are “auto joined”, which means every new parent who joins the platform would be auto-joined to these social circle 4. Another way to look at the social circles is: There are two “root nodes” of this social graph - one is the school, and other is the society/community. All social circles descend from one of them OR both of them **PS**: It's okay if you are not able to solve the complete problem - we are interested in the approach. If you are not able to complete it, do write how would you have solved it, if you had more time # Problem Statement ## Problem 1: Data model, api & efficient retrieval ### Context These social circles would be created by the application when it sees a parent for that social circle for the first time. As an example let’s say we have onboarded a parent whose kid goes to `DPS School, Class I, Section E` , which means we have already created these social circles: 1. DPS school 2. Class I, DPS school 3. Section E, Class I, DPS school Now lets say we onboard a parent whose kid go to `DPS School, Class I, Section F` ### Ask 1. How would you store this circle data in the database ? Can you come up with a schema design on how to store these circles in the database. How can we store these rules 2. How would you figure out that this new circle needs to be created, and how would you add the parent to the circle Can you code the Api layer , data model, the database layer etc. (ie. end to end starting from api layer to the schema design) ## Problem 2: Parent posting to a circle With these circles created, lets say a parent belonging to a social circle, want to post to that circle. Think of a post as a discussion point a parent might have. As an example, “Kids getting sick after eating lunch” in the “DPS school” circle needs to be sent to all parents in that circle ### Requirements and Constraints 1. A parent can only post in the circle they are in 2. Other parents in that circle can reply to that post 3. Any parent can start a thread from any reply. **Important point to note**: Some platforms like { Reddit, Hacker News } allows infinite nesting which means you can create a thread from within another thread. Other platforms like Slack allows creating a thread from any reply, but you cannot create a thread from another thread. We want to implement the Slack approach, and **not {** Reddit, Hacker News } approach 4. Any individual post and comment can be voted up or down ###Ask Can you code up the api and the data model for allowing parents to - post to a circle - post a reply to the above created post - post a reply to the above reply (ie. reply in a thread ) - Post an upvote or downvote to a post or a reply ## Problem 3: Schema Evolution How would the schema adapt to accommodate parent-initiated circles and children changing grades ## Problem 4: Enhancements for new circles Allow parents to create new circles based on existing ones (e.g., "Brigade Society Bus No. 92" under "Brigade Society"). These circles are opt-in, requiring a mechanism for discoverability. ### Ask 1. Schema Update: How would you modify the database schema to support this hierarchy of circles? 2. API Development: Design an API to retrieve all potential circles a parent can join, addressing the discoverability challenge
